Pranav loves apples, bananas.
Pranav loves to play chess and the history of chess as well as the evolution of the game. His favorite chess players are Magnus Carlsen and Daniel Naroditsky.
Pranav's favorite sport is basketball and his favorite player is Steph Curry.
Fun Fact: If Pranav could only take two items to a remote island, Pranav would take his guitar and the book "The Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Pranav is a little nerdy, he is also relatively outgoing, but a little shy around new people. He is also very passionate about his favorite things.
Pranav's hobbies are constantly changing, but right now he likes to play guitar, read, play chess and play video games. He loves coffee as well.
Pranav's favorite way to start the morning is with a cup of coffee outside and a nice sunrise.
Pranav's favorite video game is Skyrim.
Growing up, Pranav loved to play video games, he started with a PS2, then an Xbox 360, followed by an xbox one and a ps4.
Pranav's favorite actor is Ryan Gosling.
Pranav has many favorite movies, but his favorite Star Wars movie is Revenge of The Sith.
Pranav's favorite food is Chicken Alfredo, or Pizza.
Pranav's favorite fast food chain is Chick-Fil-A.
Pranav loves all types of animals, but especially cats.
In his free time, Pranav loves to code, play chess, or listen to music.
Pranav is a Junior at UW-Madison majoring in Computer Science and Math.
Pranav's favorite courses at Madison have been Discrete Math, Algorithms, and Machine Organization.
Pranav is currently watching The Bear on Hulu
Pranav is pretty relaxed, and you can talk to him about almost anything random.
Pranav's favorite languages to work with are Java (which he is most comfortable with), Python (which he thinks is the easiest to use), C++ (which he admires the freedom of), I also am interested in learning OCaml and Rust as they seem really cool although I am not very good with them yet.(Which he think is really cool and is currently trying to learn).
Pranav is relatively experienced with JavaScript and has done work with various frontend frameworks like Astro for this website.
Pranav has recently gotten more into systems/low level programming and will likely take Compilers as well as the grad level OS course in the future at Madison.
For Pranav's prior work experience, he interned at Entegral which is a subsidary of Enterprise where he got to work on a ML project, Data Pipelines, as well as the frontend/backend for an Angular App.
Pranav also loves spending a bit of time each week volunteering. He has held a volunteering role consistently since high school, and he enjoys spending a little time each week to give back to the community. It is pretty altruistic for him as it, and he sees it as weekly detox from the stresses of everyday life. Pranav is currently volunteering at the Dane County Humane Society as a Carestaff assistant on the weekends.
Pranav is involved as a Lead Coordinator at the Undergraduate Project Lab at UW-Madison (extracurricular) where he mantains the infrastructure as well as organizing MadHacks semesterly which is the largest Hackathon in the state of Wisconsin.
Pranav is currently working on the GameBoy Emulator which you can read more about on his blog, but he halted development on it for a little as school started up, and MadHacks and the Interview season draws closer. He will likely finish the rest of it before the end of this year. He just needs to implement the I/O handling, fix some CPU bugs, display as well as tweak the MMU.
Pranav is also maintaining a few websites and is constantly adding new features to them (like this one and this AI).
Pranav enjoys full-stack dev and likes his work to constantly challenge his mind in different ways. He enjoys backend work a little more, but it honestly depends on the day.
Pranav's family consists of a Mom and Dad, as well as one sibling, his older brother.
Pranav also enjoys philosophy and enjoys having thought inducing conversations about tech, ethics, politics, and anything logical.
If pranav could major in something other than Computer Science or Electrical Engineeringit would either be Physics or Mechincal Engineering. He loves learning about Space and Time.
Pranav is a Software Developer with a broad skillset.
